Fix ANGLE/OpenGL swap buffer issues under Windows (#3367)
mixxxdj/mixxx: CMakeLists.txt

    "*.qm"
)
if(WIN32)
    install(
        # I haven't seen a way to determine where the translations dir is, so I am making
        # some assumptions here, and assuming that Qt5_DIR points to Qt-5.14.2/lib/cmake/Qt5
        # which is what my configuration tells me.
        DIRECTORY
            "${Qt5_DIR}/../../../translations"
        DESTINATION
            "${MIXXX_INSTALL_DATADIR}"
        # QT 5 translations have been separated into several files, and most of the qt_xx.qm files
        # contain just shortcuts to load the qtbase, qtmultimedia etc files.
        FILES_MATCHING REGEX
            "qt_.+\.qm|qtbase_.*\.qm|qtmultimedia_.*\.qm|qtscript_.*\.qm|qtxmlpatterns_.*\.qm"
    )

>     # Qt loads the ANGLE libraries dynamically, even when Qt itself is linked statically

Reviewer: The rest of CMakeLists.txt uses 2 spaces for each indentation level. Please do the same here.

  FILES_MATCHING REGEX
    "qt_.+\.qm|qtbase_.*\.qm|qtmultimedia_.*\.qm|qtscript_.*\.qm|qtxmlpatterns_.*\.qm"
)

> # Qt loads the ANGLE libraries dynamical, also when Qt itself is linked static 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Qt loads the ANGLE libraries dynamically, even when Qt itself is linked statically 
```

install(
  FILES
    "${Qt5_DIR}/bin/libEGL.dll"
    "${Qt5_DIR}/bin/libGLESv2.dll"
  DESTINATION
    "${MIXXX_INSTALL_DATADIR}"

> )

Reviewer: Put this within the `if(WIN32)` block above.

> )

Reviewer: Please fix the indentation here. The `install` block above is also not indented properly.
